fix(curriculum): introduce span element in accessible-audio-controller step 3 (#68570)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/review-html-accessibility/671a87a39b88245a579c2271.md

- **Proper heading level structure**: You should use proper heading levels to create a logical structure for your content. This helps people using assistive technologies understand the content of your website.
- **Accessibility and Tables**: When using tables, you should use the `th` element to define header cells and the `td` element to define data cells. This helps people using assistive technologies understand the structure of the table. With the `caption` element, you can write the caption (or title) of a table, so users, especially those who use assistive technologies, can quickly understand the table's purpose and content. You should place the `caption` element immediately after the opening tag of the `table` element. This way, screen readers and other assistive technologies can provide more context by announcing the caption before reading the content.
- **Importance for inputs to have an associated label**: You should use the `label` element to associate labels with form inputs. This helps people using assistive technologies understand the purpose of the input.

> - **`span` element for accessibility**: A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's often used to wrap a piece of text so it can be identified through an `id` attribute for accessibility purposes, or to style a piece of text differently from the surrounding text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`span` element for accessibility**: A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's commonly used to style a piece of text differently from the surrounding text, or to wrap text and give it an `id` that other elements (such as ARIA attributes) can reference.
```
